 as a result of the 1884 statistics on the possession of property, the number of people who have to pay tax for the possession of property is to be held.
 with the absence of the convention into or into national legislation, it would be necessary to ensure that the article would be implemented in accordance with article 4.
 during the 1 quarter of 1993, the economic performance of the economy during the 1 quarter of 1993.
 the department of peacekeeping operations accepted this recommendation and noted that the candidates should be included in the recruitment of candidates following the investigation.
 the 1 step in the 2 phase of the 2 phase requires the setting up of the grade as a basis for remuneration comparison.
 according to the gradual development of china's tourism market, the prices of price prices in these scenic areas may continue to rise.
 as a matter of fact, the current vacancy rate for shopping centres and street stalls at the shopping market is 5 per cent.
 the most difficult for peace-keeping is the most difficult to predict, since it is forecast that there is a significant change in the assumptions in the year.
 it must be necessary to take into account the intentions of the country, rather than instruments.
 a spokesman said that a spokesman said that the occupying forces had to stay very long.
 some people think that such action would not be able to do so.
 this is very helpful for member states to understand the complexity of the issues dealt with by the court.
 the government of the namibian family association was established in january 1996 and has become a major non-governmental organization in reproductive health.
 states parties are most appropriate to report on the most critical health issues affecting women in the country.
 it exercises its entry into international treaties, therefore, in law and in fact, it is a subject of international law.
 although the activities are still limited, the scale of space activities is expected to be expanded.
 it is therefore necessary to conduct an investigation and to do the facts.
 there is a need for adequate and predictable resources.
 the international community should be allowed to realize that the international community is the united nations council's decisions and action.
 parents are unable to make hand, and the responsibility for the instruction of instruction is completely pushed on schools and teachers.
 " i am pleased to see that one country, two systems ', two systems of hong kong people enjoy the fruits of this system.
 on my list of speakers, the representative of malaysia, on behalf of the 21 group, will speak on behalf of the group of 21.
 the government understands that the home ownership scheme must avoid competition with private property market competition and maintain a difference between sales.
 we explore the strengthening of the strengthening of the united nations, with a thorough analysis of the consultations with the countries concerned.
 in accordance with the provisions of the basic law, the 2 term is elected by the chief executive in the 2 term of the basic law.
 if a person is using a device, the person must pay at least an appropriate attention to prevent the installation of the device.
 it has also established an international e-commerce network, and in october 1998, the 1 foreign trade electronic invitation in october 1998.
 in 1996, the gdp growth rate in 1996 increased from 4.4<unk> to 5.0<unk>.
 he will visit hong kong in october this year after china's visit to china.
 the government of chile, on 8 june 1996, was the strongest protest by the people of china on 8 june 1996.
 as stated in paragraph 18 above, the panel finds that the claim for the cost of transport costs in military volunteers is not compensable.
 such appointments should be made by the president of the general assembly for consultations with regional groups of regional groups.
 the long-standing difficulties in the economies of the countries and the regular budget, as well as the governments of the republic of belarus, were unable to respond quickly to the organization.
 india was attended by members of the working group on patents of patent patents between india and the united states.
 the phythics of the warmth of his grandchildren, who decided to do, he decided to do the same.
 however, the committee notes that the service of the state was not good.
 article 54 of the constitution referred to the establishment of an education system in order to provide the necessary institutions and services.
 a spokesman for the treasury said today (december 30) hope that it would be hoped to take advantage of the bank's registration.
 mr tsang also expressed gratitude to the department of marine and other interested parties to assist the construction of the ship-off team.
 okay, let's continue to look at other news.
 at the same time, there is a need for some preconditions for some of these groups.
 on the 8, tropical cyclone warning warning warnings in hong kong have gradually returned to normal.
 it was regrettable that the draft was incompatible with the united nations convention on the law of the sea.
 therefore, we believe that the indonesian authorities would like to address these problems.
 the official language included english, russian, french, french, spanish, this year, this year.
 in transactions with local trading opponents, hong kong and local financial customers were conducted by 10 per cent and 10 per cent of local financial institutions.
 " in the long run, we are planned to build more more multi-storeys for many apartments.
 it is essential to find that there should be a results-of-the-art approach to multilateral cooperation in the future.
 the culprit was then arrested and sentenced to theft.
 there was a concern for the contribution of donor fatigue in the region.
 the prosecutor has made a petition for a ruling on this matter and so he had to leave the french.
 the trend of the economic slow-down in these countries has led to the economic progress and maintenance of stability and stability in the region.
 the week is one or seven days.
 our socialist countries through the united nations, through the united nations, has entered the world and with the south and south.
 thirdly, emphasis was placed on local, enterprises and public participation in the implementation of sustainable development strategies.
 the united nations can play a key role in order to promote the development efforts of the developing countries.
 " i don't understand the sword, " he said. "
 (15) there is an international perspective on both the words and thinking.
 there have been 2 months since the terrorist attacks of 11 september.
 the ministry of china's ministry of agriculture stated that the high incidence of bird flu in china has been very effective.
 chile agrees that the preventive deployment of the united nations peace-keeping forces will be able to prevent a recurrence of violent conflicts.
 at this critical juncture, however, the coalition against the coalition must clearly recognize and recognize its enemy.
 i am extremely hopeful that the executive authorities can rationalize with different voices.
 one speaker in the african group, commended unifem's efforts to evaluate the efforts made by unifem.
 the chinese government intends the intention of the chinese government to launch a 13-year " base " base at the beginning of next year.
 at the end of the ching dynasty, this guy river began to make a modern road.
 as part of the day-to-day supervision work, the hkma will continue to monitor the credit card businesses in monitoring their credit cards.
 in our country, the arab language is the 2 official languages.
 the leaders of universities and teachers.
 the credentials of representatives shall be issued either by the head of state or government or by the minister for foreign affairs.
 the contents of the contents of the contents of the publication are rich and detailed report of the relevant statistical developments.
 the overwhelming majority of member states showed that they had increased the council's permanent and non-permanent members of the council.
 customers can take place within six months after the issuance of the special stamps.
 the deputy secretary for education and bureau, mr peter lai, visited the deputy secretary for education, mr deputy lai, and the education department and the education department.
 in the age of 60 years, hong kong's business foundation is a member of the foundation.
 it is not easy to determine how the electors and campaign activities could be affected by the judges.
 the south pacific states members of the united nations have declared the intention to resume the nuclear tests in the pacific.
 the age of age is 15 years of age.
 the service cost is $ 20. "
 on the bulldozers, it is even more in many cases and even residents in many cases.
 these actions can be the police, armed forces, security forces, law enforcement officials, as well as humanitarian and peacekeepers.
 as a matter of fact, i would like to belgium to contact the other members of the european parliament.
 at present, rapid changes of national sovereignty, national security and the maintenance of peace and the maintenance of peace and implementation of peace.
 such information is conducive to the real responsibilities of the real responsibilities of such information.
 at the 1st meeting on 14 january, the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen of the co-chairmen.
 the committee affirms the need to strengthen the process of nation-building processes to consolidate the rule of law, democracy and civil society.
 the conference urges the conference on disarmament to agree on a programme of work, including the immediate establishment of this body.
 bakers and dwellings have been damaged and the israeli military arrived at the scene.
 the text is even more tightened by the present structure, and the content of the text is even greater.
 this sustained high prices of high prices, not only the common nerving of the people's government authorities and experts.
 if he does not speak, he might need to be able to take into account the heart of my heart.
 we are not able to hear the valuable advice of those scholars who have professional knowledge in politics.
 as the saying goes, the saying goes. "
 it is expected that the great majority of the national party won the possibility of accelerating the democratic party of the new millennium.
 in the days before the palace front, the lights of the sky, lighters, lights, is a resurgence.
 the mainland is also optimistic about taiwan's tourism and local industry.
 the most common aspect of the mixed-military jurisdiction is a zone of navigation and adoption of the territorial zone of the zone.
 the spokesman reminded the public to make a report to the police as soon as possible.
 margaret chan was officially elected as director-general of the world health organization last november last year and became the first chinese.
 the executive board may wish to take note of the report.
 in the absence of the international covenant, it is provided for the implementation of the provisions of the extradition of law on extradition.
 the universal declaration of human rights adopted in 1948, adopted by the general assembly of the general assembly of the general assembly on 10 december 1948.
 the committee commends the universal protection of human rights, in particular the human rights of women.
 er, as a result, there is no black prison in the world.
 the principle of non-discrimination is thus a constitutional principle.
 we are in the process of celebrating a history process, and the process of almost two years ago, as well as multiple political difficulties.
 since the government gazetted on the internet, the number of reports on the home affairs bureau's homepage rose to nearly 60000 in november.
 there are no such circumstances in the previous case or in the present case.
 the state party may wish to address the problem in the near future.
 the results of the work of the commission must depend on the capacity of its membership and the commission.
 the letter of authorised registration must be confirmed by the original school.
 the contract has been signed, the working group and the provision of travel services will be reviewed by the working group in september 2002.
 however, as you know, we have to pursue " quality " does not mean that " volume " is not important.
 the congolese country has generally felt that the international community has nothing to put an end to the conflict.
 one of the requirements of users is to assess the damage to crops and infrastructure in the floods.
 as a result, the government will step up in advance of the two exchanges and clearing of hong kong's internal exchanges and clearing the alliances, which should be held in advance.
 with regard to the mano river union, the regional office had to assist the implementation of the three ministers of ministers in september and october.
 it is a 1<unk>3 of the lowest and the maximum limits of the murder, the minimum and the maximum limits of murder.
 initial enquiries revealed that the bullets were launched by the bullet.
 at the time of the waiting time for the analysis, the applicant is generally possible to be divided into three categories.
 this is one of the main causes of hiv infection.
 as an example is the modernization of a modern era.
 in this way, it would be possible to ensure peace and harmony in the world and to promote different national and cultural development.
 in terms of food prices, i do not know what the business of the business sector can do.
 this is not only able to strengthen its ability to produce films, and enables hong kong to produce film services in the latter part of asia. "
 i would like to understand that all of us will understand, and the realest sense of real celebration lies in the end of 17 years.
 in the case of good health in good health, the symptom is mainly more than minor.
 cooperation with the relevant united nations agencies in cooperation with the relevant united nations agencies is also appropriate.
 in the face of many products in the market, parents may be much more suitable for the future.
 if the more double-digit figures, the consequences would be very serious.
 it would not be possible to resettle the vietnamese and lao laos, and will continue to be voluntary repatriation.
 experience has shown that the new system had been working well in the 1999-year period, and there was a considerable improvement in the system.
 at the same time, the moratorium on nuclear testing is essential for the entry into force of the ctbt.
 article 31 of the basic law stipulates that the hong kong residents have travel and immigration.
 it was also considered that this could create a precedent for which all types of vessels had been issued to all types of vessels.
 right.
 since the government has been aware, the government will never give legal advice to legal advice.
 at the end of august 1997, 34<unk> of china's state-owned enterprises in hong kong have invested about $ 7000000 in hong kong.
 to date, the air and land assets of monuc has to be transported over 30 tons of relief to goma.
 the committee expresses its appreciation to the committee on the challenges of globalization and new technologies for the implementation of drug law in the 21 century.
 under this approach, the gap between men and women is reflected in the gap between men and women in the working life.
 on the other hand, it was not possible to engage in egypts prior to the opening of the boundary in 1994.
 madam president, in the event of the procession, the assembly, in fact, is not the right of a number of people.
 the delay will affect the credibility of about about.
 the number of companies and foundations of the private sector, the private sector and foundations of the private sector, has increased significantly in cooperation with the united nations.
 there are no other comments <unk> " in the way <unk> "
 i was excited.
 there are two types of identity cards, one is another alternative to the population.
 as a result of time, i have not been able to get all its services.
 the recent development of recent political developments in recent years would not help hong kong to solve this problem in hong kong.
 part of the model part includes the development of a model model of the shores of the shores of the persian gulf.
 9 percentage percentage points of growth were from currency exchange rates.
 typical illicit arms transactions are being carried out far away from the import and export of arms control.
 switzerland will never tolerate the swiss financial system to take advantage of the swiss financial system.
 most of the most jobs are available for a diplomat or degree of graduates.
 in the 3 quarter of 1999, the total value of works in the 3 quarter of 1999.
 with regard to the details of the commission's functions, please see the " financial and capital markets act ".
 it is hoped that in the near future, in the near future, it was in the near future.
 the commonwealth of civil society in the commonwealth of commonwealth is a great complement and support for the commonwealth of the commonwealth.
 the chinese delegation believes that the current international nuclear disarmament effort is being made on the ground that the current international nuclear disarmament efforts are now on the ground.
 so, mr leung yiu-chung has more time to write, so i would like to make it better.
 the observer for the indian, africa and the american association of america believe that the non-democratic population should be recognized as minorities in argentina.
 " we have plans to conduct a survey on employers in the next three years.
 it is not clear that the present version of the chinese government is that hong kong is an excuse for the mainland.
 the college was held in new york in new york on 21 and 22 may 2001.
 however, the model law provides for those parties (i.e. the signatures) of the parties, dependent on party and certification services.
 as a result, the gap between the capacity of the national programme is expected to be low.
 the commission will consider specific topics from a gender perspective.
 " the sar has enthusiastically supported the mainland as early as possible.
 for example, the african region of the sub-saharan african region has only a telephone call.
 the press is required to respect the dignity and reputation of the staff and bodies.
 the israeli authorities have also closed a number of days at the border crossing between the gaza strip and egypt.
 as a result of speeding up to speed up speedy, faster transport costs will be reduced, and all sectors have benefited.
 as a result of the " snow-to-driendor ", a number of artists painters, " says wu's " spectactor, " says chang's ' <unk> amp; quot;
 36. the 2 is a knowledge-based knowledge, technology and technology-based ability to come to hong kong for development.
 what she wants to do, such as listening to radio, television, television, sporting, sports, singing, singing, singing, singing and piano.
 talking about the kids of taiwan's growth, it is very difficult to look at the impact of them.
 it would be possible to estimate the cost of a higher level of compensation.
 in fact, the secretary for housing invited me to explain, explaining that there was no relationship with the reconstruction of the area.
 an expert group was entrusted to an independent expert to encourage consultants to work in open and transparent manner.
 i am not looking at such reports, but often heard such reports.
 (a) the number of companies who are interested in rented cyberports must be used to apply for formal application applications.
 for films in the film, there is a horrelous incident, " says chu's " teenagers ".
 the united nations will be tested.
 the director of health, the director of health, said that it would be possible for about four years.
 it is very difficult.
 in the department's central institutions of the department, women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the existing staff, 1<unk> of whom are elected.
 in the opinion of the court, the buyer did not fulfil its obligations to pay the purchase price.
 the independent human rights association of the region shall be channelled to contact with the league of arab states.
 as the first sponsor of the draft resolution of the draft resolution at the 50 session of the draft resolution, this will be the real olympic games.
 iraq has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report on 16 august 2002.
 the sfc has recently made a report on the status of hong kong's financial centre on the status of hong kong's financial centre.
 the meeting was of the view that the holding of elections is the privilege of the general assembly, not the privilege of the security council.
 the visitors will also go back to the next few times in modern civilization.
 we have a long-term objective of hong kong's development as a international city in asia.
 on the occasion, the director of social welfare, mr lam cheng-chuen, and the fund management committee of the social welfare committee are distributed to the elderly.
 mrs selina chow proposed to strengthen the use of the " juvenile police officers ".
 there was a breakthrough in the overseas markets.
 as to mr lee cheuk-yan's amendment, i would like to point out that the honourable lee cheuk-yan is actually wrong.
 in shanghai, shanghai is similar to the international trade import and export company in zhejiang, zhejiang province and the above-mentioned situation.
 hong kong ships company's ships in the mainland industry to make a commercial decision on the mainland.
 the government of sierra leone and the people of sierra leone have helped to consolidate peace in the united states after the eight years of war.
 the history of history was said to have been repeated.
 the framework for the development of the transitional government shows the role of the country in the economic and social sectors.
 the committee recommends that the state party consider expanding the terms of reference to the employment of employment, to encompass all aspects of racial discrimination.
 this is the driving force of the peace process in the democratic republic of the congo, and the international support will be invalid.
 industrialization, industrialized countries have to do many work, reduce tariff and non-tariff barriers.
 the representative of costa rica stated that the delegation had always been very active in its mandate.
 it is proud of the ancient traditions of israel to share with the world.
 <unk> the chief executive officer of the ccb shall be director of the information services department in january 7, 2002.
 the dancers took the gods of the gods.
 the most worrying situation in the united nations society is the most worrying.
 as a result, the doctor said that the child has been infected with the disease.
 the questionnaire has been delivered to all programmes and donor countries, the national teams and united nations agencies.
 in addition to introducing the traditional beauty of the tigers, it's hard to tell us the world.
 the aim is to engage in peace-building, peace-building, for peace-building, for peace-building in order to do so.
 a fire broke out at a no. 3 alarm fire in tai po today (february 2).
 we plan to introduce a bill in 2004.
 the people of kosovo should not let the past, and the people of the communities should not allow the past to go to them.
 we should not forget that these are public funds such as public funds.
 on the contrary, local university places in local universities will increase in the coming year.
 i have recently visited the population in various sectors of the population.
 a copy of these written statements should be made to the prosecutor or the person of the other party.
 qin jin said that james soong would arrive at the 1 station on may 5.
 the committee also notes that additional information was made during the committee's consideration and after the report.
 there was a major train explosion on 22 k lung lung county station at lung road, northway.
 the contents of the activities of the special rapporteur also include information on the situation of civil society, non-governmental organizations, lawyers and journalists.
 we do not agree with the feelings of the people of hong kong.
 however, international trafficking acts also cover other areas, including the clothing industry, agricultural and construction.
 i do not believe, but i often hear religions in the spirit of religion.
 therefore, in the case of the sar government, it is feared that only the chinese government will be eligible to represent the future sar government.
 we need to assess the impact of the elections to the administration and the legislative council. "
 okay, thank you for the analysis of mr. qiu zhenhai.
 as a matter of fact, we have some part of the implementation of some of its provisions, and in particular the provisions of mine clearance activities.
 he further noted that latin america's trade has increased by 12 per cent annually.
 the number of unemployed persons was reduced to 19.30000, which was also the first time for the first time in four years.
 in 2004, the united states import and export bank provides funding assistance to us$ 17800000000 in the world.
 two informal ministerial meetings will be held on wednesday, 5 june and 6 june 6, 6 june.
 at the present time, the government is considering the possibility of introducing legal action on the pollution of the old site.
 the proposal was made to set up 36 posts for the operation and 18 posts for the provision of $ 18 posts.
 in taiwan, he cited the 3 way in taiwan. "
 right, on a double-dededed sword, we have graphed graphs, eh.
 in addition, the transport department has increased on a daily basis to inspect the pilots on a daily basis.
 as for political and religious freedom, not only in the constitution, not only in the constitution.
 i would like to draw the attention of the council members to the attention of the external african republic.
 as at the scene, the meeting was at the scene of 215 rooms of the united states congress at the scene.
 the records shall be required for 3 years after the release of the record.
 china has dropped to a reduction of 20000000 people.
 a large number of people in the bangkok centre of bangkok are ready to cross the night of the bangkok centre in bangkok.
 we fully support a similar statement published by the secretary-general and other united nations representatives.
 during the period, taxis in the urban area will be drop-out and drop-off at the carpark road near ming ming road.
 the united nations transfer of conventional weapons is a transparent measure between sovereign states and a transparent measure between sovereign states.
 the latest figures show that some local employers continue to be streamlined as a result of the slowdown in economic growth.
 it needs to be a social consensus. "
 this punishment applies only to the citizens of the czech republic, and there is no refugee status.
 when i went to a little child, i was a very serious task.
 the commission on human rights and the rights of the peoples of the people also participated in the international seminar.
 the process of which gender disparities and inequalities affect the creation of the potential process of the risk of risk.
 according to the conservative estimates of the biological and environmental protection bureau, the potential of these technology applications can reach some0000000000 us dollars.
 the government announced today (december 22) the appointment of 12 members of the labour advisory board (bb) for a period of two years starting from january 22.
 the 3 category is particularly important for the elderly.
 " the east asian region has always been able to use the financial surplus, and should also be used to use them. "
 the swd has contacted the family to provide psychological counselling.
 the maximum amount of accommodation for the state has to reach 80 per cent.
 these developments have further contributed to the strategic changes in the post-cold-war era.
 there appears to be some difficulties in determining the number of refugees in west timor camps.
 there has been no place for these people, and resources have been exhausted.
 it was also agreed that all foreign troops are not invited to leave the democratic republic of the congo.
 with regard to the recruitment of recruitment, remuneration, training and management of police officers are also applicable to prison guards.
 " the inspection is also found to be adequate to meet traffic, public utility facilities and other enclosures. "
 now, after almost 30 years, the concept of common heritage has been included or was reflected in some international conventions.
 the buildings department and the floor floor of the buildings are located in the post.
 it is envisaged that all helicopters were deployed before the 1 round of balloting.
 in hong kong, hong kong will always be a sunny of sunlight, but the new, prosperity and prosperity and prosperity.
 for a long time, a number of manufacturing industries in hong kong has been a major source of economic development.
 we therefore stress first of the importance of the nuclear powers to conclude a comprehensive test-ban treaty in 1996.
 by contrast, the largest internet service providers in the united states have only kept only one of each 20 users.
 since the reform and opening-up, small and medium-sized enterprises in the country have made significant contributions to social stability and social stability.
 in my country, because of the warming of the climate of warming, it will be up to five and 60 centimeters.
 i hope that in today's meeting today, the secretary-general is able to enjoy the hall of the general assembly hall.
 <unk> there is no provision for the guardian of the guardian of the guardian of the guardian of the guardian of the guardian.
 for example, the agreed measures agreed to the citizens of the countries of the region, including the citizens of the countries of the region, are in place.
 there is a good friend.
 mr howard young: madam president, workers are unemployed, job employment, employment and rehabilitation problems.
 " even if they enter the taiwan taiwan station, they should not abandon the " live film ".
 otherwise, the draft articles will lose its actual role.
 as a result, the average inflation rate of last year has increased sharply.
 that is to say, let<unk>s go to school graduates in hong kong and taiwan's veterinary colleges in hong kong.
 these greek cypriots are 66 years old.
 also similar to the same project in the previous weekend in the past weekend.
 the project could also allow more public to know cultural diversity and the maintenance of such diversity as well as interest in this regard.
 in view of the large number of applications, the government is considering whether there is a need to increase loans for loans.
 the above-mentioned detention are carried out under the code of criminal procedure, and was chaired by the judge.
 it is clear that the number of students who die in their backs are no longer.
 with regard to the health-care facilities of unrwa's primary health facilities, patients are provided with the provision of basic medical supplies.
 the landing programme is not just a redistributing land.
 on the subject of this subject, the meeting tried to remind people that every 20 minutes would be death or maimed by anti-personnel mines.
 at the time of the airfields, some crafts could be purchased.
 motorists are urged to follow the traffic instructions and follow command of police officers at the scene.
 some surprisingly, because of the fact that the legal adviser had previously been subjected to a lack of legitimate acts involved in the defence counsel.
 with the assistance of the ilo assistance, the government of benin is considering expanding the potential of the existing social security system or individual scope.
 the amputation of the amputation is left to their lives, affecting their activities, work and normal life.
 in 2001, the european union, japan, the united states and a number of developing countries declined at the same time.
 after the implementation of the scheme, many colleagues are expected to take the first time the journey of lifelong learning.
 he was said to have taken his father after his father's written complaint, said that the ministry of the interior was said to have visited his family.
 a 40-year-old man was arrested in the vicinity of a 40-year-old man in the vicinity.
 as a matter of fact, the only local level of job opportunities for low-skilled services are higher-level services.
 the project indicates that the small-scale funding approach approached by small enterprises is based on the experience and performance of the credit subsidy.
 mrs miriam lau's remark is that the " youth charter " for youth is " youth ".
 they were suspected of conspiracy to defraud the woman's money.
 they should be open to the openness of monetary, financial, trade and other macroeconomic policies in the country.
 at the level of international moral and international law, it is impossible for us to support the united states and the united states for iraq.
 the real development concept should include full respect for all human rights human rights.
 state practice has shown that there is a considerable difference between the length of the time of the right of option.
 the islamic state of afghanistan, in its fervently look forward to the security council, will be re-examined by the security council for its consideration of the agenda.
 a large number of countries have achieved a large number of people living in poverty, although the asian economic crisis had caused setbacks.
 as a result, the countries of some of the poor countries do not have funds.
 to recognize the role of neighbouring countries in the security and economic sphere.
 the security council expresses its deep concern over the deterioration of the situation in the territory of the republic of croatia.
 in view of the return of warmer weather, nine temporary cold shelters operated by the home affairs department have been closed today (february 5).
 to that end, it should be devoted to the goal of achieving a common co-operation between many generations.
 ldc found that development, manufacture and marketing, as well as many of the world's world-known consumer products.
 at the same time, the vec ve ve ve ve veterin was also briefed on the chickens and confirmed that all chickens were not infected with avian flu.
 a large number of missions analysed by the secretariat to verify the rates of self-sufficient rates.
 to resolve the flood problems of the northwest new territories, we must implement the shenzhen river project.
 capitalism in the absence of law and ethics are often caused by capitalism, organized crime and corruption.
 on the 1 of the work of the emperor's work work, chen chao-chi's 1 works on his seekers to work on his seekers, " says chen chao-chi's series.
 the one-way carriageway of the 1 one-way carriageway of the philippines can be reduced to 40 minutes.
 the report of the report on the deterioration of the economic deterioration of the palestinian territories has been well-known.
 <unk> do not have a large amount of cash or valuable property.
 at least 17 persons were killed and 38 persons were burned alive.
 the working group working with international human rights services, a minority rights group, which was held in 1997 to address these issues in 1997.
 a total of 7 targeted units in sham shui po in sham shui po in sham shui po.
 therefore, the contracting authority should be given the best consideration of measures that may need to be taken.
 the economic growth of the developed and developing countries, as well as economic restructuring, was very important in developing countries, particularly in developing countries.
 according to the same sources, more than 800 alleged elements of armed elements were killed by those killed by the communist party of nepal.
 in accordance with paragraph 22 of the law, " a person who commits guilty to a terrorist act of terrorist acts, under the existing legislation, would have a legal liability.
 mr president, after the closing of the landfill landfills next year, the problem will be resolved as soon as possible.
 over 200 million children in the 1990s were killed in armed conflicts, with more than 6 million people of permanent disability or serious injuries.
 this is a great help, " the spokesman said.
 basically, this is a tangible responsibility for the government's development in the north-west.
 a warning letter will be issued to the department's satisfaction and the impact of the department.
 the proliferation of hiv <unk> aids is also a source of concern.
 in addition, we are once again in an international reputation as one of the most competitive economies of the world.
 after the construction contract, the highways department today (july 20) signed a contract of $ 600000000 88000000, following a contract with kinmen construction company.
 i have taken the hong kong legislation to refer to the basic law.
 thirdly, cooperation in non-traditional security in the field of non-traditional security.
 in july this year-july this year, the majority of the major trades and underemployed persons remained stable.
 it is not easy to say, but if there is a quota system, there will be more people with disabilities with disabilities.
 in addition, australia is active in the drafting of the negotiation of the international convention for the suppression of terrorism.
 the regulation, together with the " factories and industrial estates (workers) regulation " will effectively implement the scheme.
 this letter does not wish to improve the confidence of the united kingdom and the libyan arab jamahiriya.
 we firmly believe that the report of the secretary-general contains proper framework for the united nations right in east timor.
 in some parts of the world, the absolute number and relatively relative numbers of poverty are growing.
 we look forward to work with the industry in this regard. "
 the state party submits that it should apply to the present case.
 he was informed that the causes of the darfur conflict is a dispute between the farms in the area with crop farming.
 the amendment has also been reserved for land for the future development of the fire service service and open space for open space.
 otherwise, the international community may have no choice but only from liberia.
 the introduction of the details on the details will also be funded to enhance proficiency.
 let's sit on a deck on the deck on a deck on a deck.
 in fact, as far as the jurisdiction of the garrison act is concerned, the practice of the garrison act is almost less than the current approach.
 the spokesman pointed out that the purpose of the office of the judiciary was not encouraged by the purpose of the office of the judiciary.
 the chairman of the joint conference, mr james to, would be very useful and will take follow-up action on the recommendations.
 in addition, we will review the review of the district boards after the 2003 elections.
 at the entrance of the secretariat entrance to the secretariat at 1 avenue, a special label was limited to the permanent representative of the permanent representative.
 when the villagers are facing pressure, the villagers have been able to make three years of time for the 2 three years.
 the institute of el salvador was established as a result of an executive body of the land transfer scheme, which is the result of the peace agreement.
 according to the information provided by the information provided, the advisory committee is not opposed to those posts.
 police are urged to call mong kok police station to contact the mong kok police station and telephone 2398 629.
 in 1997, the institute has designated a formal document in order to implement the quality and improved productivity programme.
 in this morning, we would like to focus on two issues in my speech.
 in this regard, emphasis should be given to education, increasing education and means of promoting social development.
 the ruf is not the army, and it also affirms the command of the forces of the army.
 the field's asset control system is aimed at the disposal of the united nations accounting responsibilities for the united nations, that is, at the end of the initial procurement period.
 but this cannot be impossible.
 for security reasons, it is necessary for the environment to protect the environment and no chemical, non-existence, non-examinableness and non-democratic reactions.
 the treason has emerged in the common law system.
 it is even worse that, as a result of the existence of the existence of nuclear weapons, it appears that the threat of destruction appears to be in many people.
 in the village of the village, the village was scared.
 the conflict in darfur areas began in february last year.
 the rights of serious discrimination is the international protection of human rights, and, in particular respect for pluralistic self-interference.
 the committee's procedure is confidential, in accordance with the rules, any documentation or addresses of any documentation or addresses.
 but as a result of the gradual recovery of the economy, it is believed that hong kong will pick up a recovery in hong kong.
 the choice is the choice of a trading contract.
 efforts will continue to be undertaken, but it is a challenge that will be a challenge.
 they are inclined to dedify.
 at that time, governor patten was working with the election of the conservative party.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for a summary of november 16, 2001.
 however, it may be disappointed that only one of the accused had been sent to the tribunal.
 in order to avoid conflicts, the role of the council must be coordinated with the role of the court in order to ensure the independence of the court.
 the loss of life of life, in particular the lives of children, is always sad, and that sadness, and religious boundaries.
 a total of $ 50000 was seized in the operation.
 in recent years, there has been a rapid change in the world economy.
 the guidelines are contained in the buildings department's homepage.
 they went to the scientific doctrine of technology, and there is no scientific theoretical.
 while the member states requested to strengthen the field, its progress is being hampered by the shortage of resources.
 at about 3 p.m. local time, a car bomb at the centre of the town at the centre of the town centre of the town centre was neared.
 senior officials of senior officials of senior officials, as well as individuals, will receive special permits to the united nations security service and security service.
 information on the latest map and the introduction of new access to new access has been prompted to rescue agencies.
 the scheme provides for 15000000 citizens, including students, men, women and children, without discrimination.
 however, the united nations peacekeeping forces and other united nations agencies have carried out mine-clearance activities.
 the royal government of cambodia has provided legal protection for hiv <unk> aids in cambodia, and protect human rights.
 as a result, once again, the housing department has once again went to the housing department to check the checks.
 drop-out rates of secondary school is still higher than those in secondary schools, at both secondary and universities.
 anti-bian and anti-usual turbulents are still unfolding at the scene.
 there are no difficulties in setting up and access to such private schools.
 never imagined that she had changed her decision.
 as a result, 8 points will be received from the transport department.
 in the hands of the united states, it is, er, that, er, er, er, er, er, er, er, er.
 president of the environmental capital agency, the president of the world bank.
 if the senior officials are interested in investment, it is not better to do business.
 consideration should also be given to changes in the international system for the past decade, particularly the spread of globalization and new technologies.
 some of these things cannot be said.
 united nations sugar quotas have been proposed to be abolished by the united states market.
 however, in the longer term, the government intends to recruit suitable candidates.
 in addition, 3 children have been released, but the next day was to report back to the gendarmerie.
 mr sin wai-wei will speak on the modernization of the hksar trademark legislation.
 the more voters will be voted, the more representative of our law.
 a distance of 400 kilometres of ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic ballistic missiles may be located in 13 minutes.
 if he is not enough enough, he will be able to take a rest.
 this practice is obvious to be administratively high.
 in december 1963, the armed attacks in december 1963 was a social cleansing campaign.
 the delegation of argentina proposed that the model should also include models.
 we are investigating the canadian authorities to understand the details of the case in the court.
 the chinese delegation expressed appreciation to the delegation of his delegation to express its appreciation to the work of the subject.
 there are no people to go to him.
 with regard to the instability of the marriage situation, she asked whether there was no question of identifying the source of household division.
 the fact is that the environment is worse than one year.
 the government today (april 20) announced the appointment of the advisory committee on innovation and technology advisers of the commission on innovation and technology.
 he will conduct major reforms in the securities and futures markets and strengthen its monitoring supervision.
 as a result, the focus of information on the dissemination and accessibility of the non-governmental organizations and other important groups have been encouraged to participate in all levels of activities.
 the delegation said that the majority of the majority had been carried out by external forces, not to control groups and individuals.
 " these achievements have been self-respect and continually endeavoured, " the spokesman said.
 the presentation ceremony will be held in january next year.
 to enhance the standard of living standards and improve the living standards of children, parents have to pay certain costs on household income.
 there is, however, a need to make further efforts to facilitate the outcome of a more broad dissemination of publicity work.
 those responsible for the implementation of such criminal acts cannot be allowed to support such criminal acts.
 on july 26, july 26, burglary, a security guard, saw two burglary suspects in sha tin.
 the council believes that he and other perpetrators must be responsible for their actions.
 under the traditional business environment, the marketing officer can take care of what he can take care of him.
 article 54 of the constitution stipulates that the territory of the republic of the republic shall be protected by law with the same protection in the law.
 the member states of the european union have made a three-year period of time to enable them to take the place on 6 june 2000.
 the pfp has been anger, and the pfp has a press conference immediately in a press conference.
 it reaffirms the importance of the treaty on the limitation of anti-ballistic missiles.
 the performance of the region's performance in the region is still weakened by the continued weakness of japan.
 it is unrealistic to say that other people have to make their own use.
 as a result, it's to be done with a squator.
 in the past six years, the fishing industry has taken six years.
 the security council is being eradicated by numerous resolutions by the international community.
 the hkma will implement the regulatory methods and criteria in accordance with the supervision of the supervision of the sfc.
 for the first time, he returned to the new airport.
 we would like to see that the university of peace is truly universal and truly globalized.
 the population is estimated to be an important element in projections and projections, with regard to private and commercial sectors.
 more than years ago, i was invited to attend the lunar new year's lunar new year evening.
 the united states government recognizes that the cuban diplomatic bank should enjoy diplomatic immunity.
 secondly, the fee for the decision is to be paid by a compulsory rule of law.
 in the competition, the students had to cope with accidents, such as electricity power, the electrical power, equipment and psys.
 we are now considering the views of the industry and to implement the proposal.
 the staff of the board also visited undcp in thailand and china.
 the bill does not make special reference to the concealment of the company's concealment of a company or a company.
 it is also strange to say that the chinese people will leave the names of the chinese people.
 the department of health (dh) staff members had provided health education to their families and disinfection.
 i would like to turn to the issue of post-conflict peace-building issues in view of the current situation of post-conflict peace-building.
 the representative of non-governmental organizations also suggested that the high commissioner should take the initiative to take the initiative on the recommendations made by the special rapporteur.
 when we take the necessary action to take the necessary action, we refuse to refuse to look at a single side.
 we are developing the process of questioning the question of palestine the question of palestine in the middle east.
 i would like to do so.
 these include threats to the concept of sovereignty, including a threat to the concept of sovereignty.
 the maintenance of world security and peace cannot be seen from the international community.
 a state of emergency was extended again on 15 december.
 following a few days after the israeli occupation of mazar-i-sharif, the authorities began to be transferred to other detention sites.
 the unique nature of missiles enabled them to be very suitable for threatening threats, deterrence, coercion, coercion, self-defence and reprisal.
 the government's policy is that the government's policy is to adopt a platform for open standards as a platform for application systems.
 in addition, 157 private care centres have been maintained at the present time.
 following the incident, both sides had taken military action, but the front lines had no major change.
 in addition, the general assembly also designs a series of new artic games to test their creativity.
 but there are some immediate dangers and the relevant departments will take immediate action.
 the experts may be able to see new images and recent images (about 15000).
 the estimated 10 per cent vacancy factor included 10 per cent vacancy.
 from coal to natural gas, the use of natural gas will reduce emissions of sulphur, nitrogen and carbon dioxide.
 works will commence early next year and will be completed in early 2001.
 in the manufacturing sector, a large number of people in the manufacturing sector refers to a total of 100 or more people in other sectors, and 50 or more or more.
 pursuant to article 23 of the swedish penal code, article 23 of the swedish penal code is lower than the highest limits of the offence.
 the general assembly recently adopted resolution 56<unk>282, which is from the list of non-self-governing territories.
 mr. wang (china) (china) (interpretation from chinese): on 23 july, the kings of kingsan king hassan ii was the death of the disease.
 on 14 february, the government of rwanda informed the rwandan operations of rwanda and other 5 suspects.
 of these, 63 have been implemented by non-governmental organizations, the remaining 19 are organised by swd.
 in conclusion, i should like to refer to two spanish issues.
 if there is no loaded vehicle, the vehicle's vehicle is a breach of such an offence.
 secondly, the capacity of the medium-and medium-sized enterprises (" smes ") is inadequate.
 8 days later, the beauty of the united states of the united states was the us.
 more than 2 2000 basins will be displayed on display in hong kong in hong kong from 13 to 16, 2000.
 the survey will provide a reliable standard of living in the territory, particularly in poverty, reliable and updated information.
 one of the hot spots of the show is that one of the hot spots of the company was launched this year.
 the abolition of the death penalty in 1993 is the world's historic trend in respect of human rights.
 people are also known to have been vomited, and dyn and other diseases.
 a total of 15 catholics and international charity societies, as well as many staff, were reportedly executed in dili.
 in particular, he suggested that the legislation had been revised in 1999 to empower the independence of more investigation and the independence of competition management.
 the secretary for foreign affairs of china and south korea was held in beijing in beijing.
 he will be a speech at the luncheon of the hong kong trade development council and the french association of france.
 the international community can cooperate together with the interests of each other.
 the ministry of finance was submitted by the ministry of finance on 19 january 2001.
 " the government's primary objective is to stabilize the property market, and property prices will not be big.
 mr lau ping-cheung also said earlier that if it is to apply for the application, i would like to inform you <unk>
 the sponsor delegation stated that the proposal of the proposal could be found in the 10 to 14 and 22 of the charter.
 in any case, the country has to start collecting data on their stockpiling and production.
 it should be noted that the data contained in these tables is the undp concerned agencies.
 i remember that some people do not have a lot of words such as " vested ", etc.
 i believe that many of them will not agree with this view, but it will be in principle opposed to a land adjustment tax.
 in accordance with the contract, the transport <unk> transport of transport <unk> transport issues must be agreed upon by all sectors of the region.
 the angolan armed forces also captured the offensive in the south-eastern part of the country in the south-eastern part of the country.
 if we decide to extend the plan, we intend to extend our intention to extend its impact on trades that are affected by the problem.
 they have adopted germany's train models, and speed up the cost of $ 800000000.
 in 2001, the court had received an embedicious role in the government of the people's republic of china.
 such a job is assigned to the division, and the need to take into account and ratify the specific circumstances and ratifications.
 police will take special traffic arrangements on the hong kong island on january 6 to be held on january 6.
 private universities have also been able to grant the tuition fees based on the economic situation.
 improving our relationship with egypt and egypt, as well as to multilateral negotiations, will be indispensable to the common goals of our region.
 his strength is extremely strong, and he was very strong.
 some members of the police have made a record of a recording statement.
 although the results were shown: those who suffer from medicine to medical treatment, a german company has been sold through a german company.
 it welcomes ukraine as the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons by the non-nuclear-weapon states.
 israel has also continued to bring about the tunnel in the west of al-quds al-sharif al-sharif.
 as a matter of fact this year's festival's festival, the tourism council has not received any complaints on visitors from tourists.
 " i believe you will become an important asset of the two places. "
 he then said.
 the ministry of defence has conducted a deduction of depreciation in order to reflect the service of the latter.
 so, if you are concerned about the rights of the demonstration, i agree with the spirit of the demonstration.
 the private car immediately left the scene immediately to the scene at tai tau kok street at tai kok street.
 although there are evidence of evidence, they are still in defence, saying that they have no " transfer ".
 the governments have taken various approaches to control these monopolies.
 however, it must be noted that, in the absence of their respective roles and missions, it is unfair and unfair. "
 i believe that there will be no impact on the impact of the impact of the future.
 the political problem of the environment has been robbed and even do not have the level of development assistance.
 " our immunization system is like the army, as the army is like the army.
 both citizens and electories are very high.
 this resulted in a decline in the gaza strip and caused salt water from sea to the east.
 i think that this week of this week has demonstrated our commitment to our common faith in this week.
 i also wish to express our gratitude and appreciation to the secretary-general for his consideration of today's consideration today.
 we need to fulfil this international responsibility. "
 in its terms of political instability, the process of reconstruction democracy has been made after the political instability of the political instability.
 the doors of the west door is only a lot of legend.
 what is known to have been known, is an important point that has been very well known.
 as a matter of fact, it is an important part of the involvement of the united nations in the oceans.
 in the history of history, there was no other child.
 " as a whole is the whole continent as a whole, the entire continent and the people's hearts. "
 as the chairman of the new york advisory committee, i am determined to provide a good basis for a good basis in the former ad hoc committee.
 otherwise, sanctions are likely to become a moral instrument for the implementation of punishment, and with the desire of the entire international community.
 in recent years of cocaine seizures in recent years, seizures of cocaine seizures were reported in 2000.
 in that connection, pakistan supports the proposal of the united nations to consider the request for a supplementary budget for the international court of justice.
 the mandatory provident fund schemes authority (mpfa) has issued detailed arrangements for the establishment and operation of the industries concerned.
 he was then taken away by a police vehicle, which was taken away from a police vehicle, and he was once again on the ground.
 with regard to the environment, the international efforts to protect nature should be carried out more effective and more substantive.
 the secretary-general has already put forward the direction of the united nations.
 there is also a need to define more clearly and assess the results of the public news.
 mr chan said that his statement is less than my shorter than my shorter, but i may still speak more than him.
 lithuania also attached great importance to the role of the international forum for addressing the issue of anti-terrorism.
 the 2 round of trials of the united states, the united states, has a decision of the court of appeal of the district court.
 in this connection, a total of 150000 displaced persons in the area of equities and northern katanga province had not been able to assist in this year.
 as a result of the fighting in kabul and air strikes at the end of july, some of the international organizations had to go away from city.
 in the light of the present economic situation, we have also urged the government to consider reducing the feasibility of the pre-employment training courses. "
 at best, i can only deal with the local authorities, but the government is simply not to say.
 the operating budget of the operation is a total of $ 40 per year per year.
 the amount of 10 per cent of non-us$ value of non-us$ value of non-us$ value of non-us$ value was set up to compensate for exchange rates.
 the views of the president and his wife.
 the world trade forum will be held in seattle, which can be a suitable forum.
 the 1 issue of the 1 question of the above-mentioned 1 issues, university graduates and professional groups should be found at primary and secondary schools.
 it would therefore be unwise that the so-called so-called expression of the so-called so-called so-called expressions of expression.
 regular and processing of the images of the 30-6 and 7 (30 30 minutes) images were regularly received.
 any person affected by the amendments may be submitted to the secretary of the town planning board on february 24 this year.
 as regards the specific contents of the two ordinances, the hong kong progressive alliance (hkpa) is basically in favour.
 on the contrary, ecuador imports imports increased by 2<unk>3 and 2<unk>3 of colombia.
 most recent examples are the complete dispute over the integrity of the country park.
 the contents of the postal records of the project record is contained in article 11 of the model law.
 the chairman of the hong kong institute of surveyors, mr tung chee hwa, will be a keynote speech on the workshop.
 the 12 teenagers arrested on june 15 had been released on bail pending further enquiries.
 the issue of the question was often reported to the israeli ministry of foreign affairs, but at present there was no progress.
 the regional security system has expanded its capacity to gather information on anti-terrorism activities of the east caribbean region.
 she also wished to know what the selection of non-governmental organizations and the committee on how to use such information.
 on behalf of the democratic party on behalf of the democratic party.
 turkey supports the implementation of the director-general's policy, but the country should provide financial contributions or in-kind contributions.
 this is, however, the shoes of 15 different countries.
 the application of legal assistance in accordance with the provisions of the treaty has been signed.
 these realities must be addressed to ensure that the remaining 70000 people, or at least, are able to return to their homes.
 the list of countries should be subject to the list of states, and direct victims continue to be the elderly, women and children.
 hon lee cheuk-yan will move an amendment to the above motion.
 as to the underemployment rate, decreases were also observed in the construction, trade and transport and manufacturing sectors.
 as a result of budgetary constraints, there were some limitations on the costs and expenses of the appointment of counsel.
 it is essential that the exception of a period of time is to be held without being detained for too long.
 at the weekend, the local crowds have been blocked by the local crowd.
 the banks do not want to see one another one which is the government's instructions to deal with their business.
 enquiries can be made to the programme: 2461111 <unk>11 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> 
 as a result, the taiwan strait can be examined by a unit.
 the georgian penal penal penal penal penal penal code provides details of the procedure for the assets of the assets (bank banking account).
 " we also believe that there is a need to expand the training and traffic area, " he said.
 since the establishment of the united nations since the establishment of the united nations, albania has been one of the most grievicism of the continent.
 we do not agree with efforts to address the north korean nuclear issue.
 then you will ask why i did not <unk> they would say that they would welcome you.
 he was released on a few days later.
 investigations by accident investigation team, traffic, hong kong island, are continuing.
 finland will actively participate in the efforts of the conference, adopting a global, effective treaty against anti-personnel landmines.
 in addition, article 13 to 18 shall be considered by the international institutions that are more specifically in the jurisdiction.
 the italian embassy in italy, in the 1970-1975.
 a code of moral code on the legal activities of the conflict in conflict zones should be enacted.
 the preconditions should be that the provisions should be fair, non-discrimination and objective.
 the answer is affirmative.
 the spokesman added that the sale of flats for sale in the home ownership scheme will not be sold at the same time.
 in the same period, there were 5300 births in hong kong and 32000 deaths.
 however, i am referring to it, because the issue of this issue reflects the expressions of the balkans of the balkans.
 in the course of the talks, the chinese leaders said: " the chinese people can do. "
 more than any other group, they need the family, social and government care and care.
 it was reported that the polluting area had been exported food food in other places, and they have been re-exported in other places.
 with regard to the choice of children's family name, a reservation was made at the time of ratification of this convention.
 they also discussed and agree with the need to stop arms into the country.
 from the short-term perspective, the government should deal with the industry and have listened to their views.
 i think the boy had been killed and i would also like to go to all the victims of the last decade.
 ni ni kuang talk about women.
 the overall plan focused on helping girls and women to improve self-esteem among girls.
 he was very determined to reiterate that the management and palau is determined to uphold the environment and culture of palau.
 on july 17, 1928, the secretary of the ccp, the secretary of the ccp, the chief secretary of the ccp, a revolution in the revolutionary revolutionary.
 in the promotion of chickens and chickens, a staff member with their farms and chickens are also indirect promote the development of the fisher fisheries industry.
 the advisory committee requests that a copy of the memorandum of understanding of these arrangements were not received.
 in this context, the committee strives to understand the entirety of iraq.
 the special rapporteur has visited rwanda.
 the person has lost its fighting.
 the main factor in the result of the unauthorized balance was an end to the expansion of the units.
 furthermore, as a member of the international donor community, we will continue to contribute directly to the palestinians directly.
 scientific research and practical applications in the field of satellites should be enhanced.
 according to the basic law, all permanent members of the hong kong special administrative region shall enjoy the election and election.
 the 40 enterprises in the service industry received a loan of $ 216000 in the reporting period, creating or saved 79 jobs.
 in early june, members of the council participated in the drafting of a further response to the nuclear tests conducted by india and pakistan.
 i take this opportunity to thank the friendly countries for friendly countries, international organizations and the united nations itself to continue to provide assistance to our country.
 we have encouraged friends to know how to understand their own, honesty and honest demands.
 after the last few months, the storm has also affected hong kong, which is a very painful period of painful adjustment.
 ah, it has also been closed yesterday.
 following the protest of protests, some of the people's emotional emotions were emotionally emotional.
 the establishment of a programme of work (the annex 4) was set out in recent years.
 i think the most important thing is that the civil service is to respect the civil service, allow them to discuss with them.
 the committee expresses its concern about the changes of the pension system, which is more than the impact on the impact of women.
 (c) the commander of the commander of the force commander: as sensitive to the office of the office, a reduction of two local level posts.
 in fact, the decision has been decided to reduce the expected increase in the world economy and international trade.
 the department manages the department of development and family support division, the national day, exhibitions and similar activities.
 " it is extremely successful that the exhibition is extremely successful from the channels of channels and strategic partnerships.
 the international community should be able to see human rights in the same position as a fair and equal manner.
 in spite of the obvious difficulties, these positive developments have shown that conflict prevention is a strategic strategy.
 the 2 clause in annex iii to the joint declaration is also in article 122 of the basic law.
 he kicked me.
 us dollar deposits rose slightly by 0.6<unk> in december to november.
 the committee wished to know the results of the incident.
 however, women's participation in women's ability to participate fully depends on the full participation of the economic and social resources of economic and social resources.
 many of the discussions of the general assembly and the committees have clearly reflected the urgency of the common concern of all humankind.
 their despair and pain.
 " we are committed to preserving all hong kong's success, " mr tung said.
 in view of the position, the chinese side put forward a reasonable and reasonable solution.
 in the amount of $ 200000000, only $ 123 billion was used to purchase humanitarian goods.
 the rent index for the consumer price index reflects the changes in the rents in hong kong.
 this approach adopted an approach to the original guarantee of the original guarantee of the original guarantee.
 in his view, the preparatory work for the beijing olympics has been maintained in the beijing olympics and will definitely be successful in 2008.
 the committee considered the key issues of productive employment at the last session of the committee at its last session in february this year.
 in the face of the economic measure, we will face a critical situation in the face of the situation.
 in 2000, the maternity protection in the workplace was also prohibited at night night classes in the workplace to 21 weeks.
 the actual facilities of paraguaya has significant improvements to allow river transit corridors to become 2 major transport routes.
 welcome you to see.
 it is also agreed that the financial secretary has also agreed and demonstrated that it would be possible to develop as soon as possible.
 for the sake of the public, the importance of the general assembly is also the importance of the art.
 in most of the countries, the population of the elderly is far from fast.
 a 45-year-old man was killed in the fire at 2 am today (friday) morning.
 in addition, it was reported that the national archives were reported on 12 may 1994.
 i am deeply honoured to officiate at the opening of the " chinese space science and technology achievement ".
 they have their disciplines and disciplined their duties as the united nations as a whole.
 these proposals have been the public's opinion in many years of public opinion.
 " a police spokesman stressed: " the two are members of the general public, " the spokesman stressed.
 police appeal to members of the public who knew the whereabouts of the missing person to contact investigating officers of regional missing east kowloon east kowloon east.
 in this connection, the advisory committee was informed that the secretariat intends to review the timetable for the system-wide timetable.
 the 74-year-old man, the spirit of the 74-year-old man, with his voice.
 this incident took place on the road in front of the fact that the incident is close to the road.
 in fact, the number of unemployed persons is a number of times.
 a number of industrial governments have already allowed all the heavily indebted poor countries to suspend its debt to suspend debts.
 this century and this millennium has seen the great achievement of human beings.
 mr deputy president, mr deputy president, i would like to say a few words about this point of debate.
 the number of casualties in armed conflict is the civilian population.
 2. people will be called the biotechnology revolution as the biotechnology revolution.
 i understand that the chinese government has promised to draft the accuracy of the basic law to examine the accuracy of the basic law.
 violations of those rights may be brought to the competent court.
 the united nations is a appropriate forum for dealing with many of the challenges.
 this provision provides for the growing needs of the people of iraq to meet the growing needs of the people of iraq.
 photos: the chinese charities fund and the chinese temples fund was set up in 1981.
 it is well known that voluntary recruitment and compulsory recruitment of recruitment is sometimes very difficult.
 on the other page of the journal of the day, let's read this letter as a letter.
 at the same time, the inflation rate sustained high rates of high inflation, and it is expected that the year's inflation rate will go to almost 10 per cent this year.
 mr ip said that he believed that many voters in the legal profession have been tired of a lot of voters.
 i also agree with the proposed amendments to reduce a number of complex administrative provisions.
 i do not need to repeat them here.
 a number of submissions will be submitted to the conclusions and recommendations of the commission at its 1 session.
 the management system is a complex project. it will have a profound impact on the management of united nations personnel, budgetary and financial operations.
 it is also high.
 in line with the relevant measures, the department, the fire services department, the lands department, the lands department, the lands department and the planning department will carry out the verification of such verification.
 mr. wang yingna (china) (spoke in chinese): i have to congratulate you as chairman of the council.
 in addition, the military observers and civilian police could not be directly ensured safe.
 the objective of the text is to have a number of political choices and rights to the countries concerned after the internationally wrongful act.
 responding to the police report, the police officers conducted investigations into the three rooms on march 27 and march 27.
 they are required to accept sustained professional training, and their registration <unk> authorization should be given to renewal.
 <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk> <unk>
 however, the provision of these technology is enormous.
 i would also like to say that it was very hesitous to him.
 the contradictions contained in paragraph 33 of the operative paragraph is more obvious.
 the minimum age of minimum service will benefit from each of every society.
 the view was expressed that the draft guide should deal with the remuneration of the insolvency representative.
 i do not repeat the point that i would like to do so. i only hope that i would like to give them to the age of elderly employees.
 in the absence of any other speakers, the president shall announce that the debate should be brought to an end.
 he said: " you often have a darkness of human beings. "
 i believe that the ceiling level should be given a decision in the future in the future, and there is no need for fixed.
 the sisters of sisters are suffering from starvation and the snow of abroats and storms.
 " we should continue our efforts to improve the standard of service, which is our expectations for our society. "
 this is a major step forward for the future.
 it is now clear that the members of the community in favour of a bill of rights is clearly in favour of a bill of rights.
 it seems to me that the government is like " itself ".
 however, when the delegation went to new york, it has become a source of air safety to prevent them from the united states.
 " otherwise, the pace of economic recovery in south-east asia will significantly slow.
 the delegation believed that the court should be consistent with some criteria.
 in order to reduce the outflow of funds in the longer term, i think the government should adopt more active implementation.
 the vienna convention on the law of treaties involves the question of multilateral covenants and agreements, including the issue of the human rights treaties.
 myanmar has chosen the path of democracy: the government of myanmar is establishing a genuine democracies in a market economy.
 it was reported that, on 7 june 2000, the rwandan military soldiers allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly allegedly beaten with a child.
 " we will submit a notice as soon as possible, " he said.
 (b) the responsibility for management of private land is the responsibility of land titles.
 this is more vulnerable to the poor.
 we also believe that hong kong's cultural life is one of the vision for a half-way stay. "
 in a number of countries, cross-border transfers are subject to customs regulations, such as smuggling or breach of foreign exchange control.
 over 95<unk> of the taxpayers and personal income taxpayers may be able to receive tax refund in the next two weeks.
 however, we must have to overcome the sadness of sadness and serious consideration.
 in the sudan, welfare and social affairs under the ministry of welfare and social development was responsible for the tenth anniversary.
 he also served as chairman of the secretary-general and the chairman of the commission, and shall be accountable to the secretary-general.
 the exhibition is the organization of the permanent missions of italy and the department of public information on friday, 5 november.
 it is also the birth of life expectancy at birth (table 3 and chart).
 secondly, checks and balances between executive and legislation.
 even if there is no day in the shelling, there is virtually no work in the streets, most of the pedestrians in the street.
 this year, after all, it may be too different.
 next, let us take a look at the government of bush in the past.
 in addition, members may also observe the investigation of the capo's investigation.
 looking at me, i would like to listen to me.
 despite a good financial effect, structural adjustment programmes have not been able to achieve its goals.
 yes.
 if we want the united nations, we must have the united nations to take a step before the united nations.
 the financial secretary was referring to the lyrics of the " lion rock ".
 the housing authority will be responsible for repair works in the public housing estates, which are responsible for repairing works and to bear relevant expenditure.
 following the election, he believed that this is the last meeting of the legislative council.
 " the number of industrial accidents and accidents have been a downward trend in the catering sector.
 the croatian police are also patrolling on walking and vehicle patrols.
 mr cheung pointed out that the " fundamental problem ", mr cheung pointed out that the commission had misunderstanding.
 the united nations needs more support than ever before.
 before the registration scheme legislation is formally implemented, the administration will consider all the views of the registration scheme.
 president: mr martin lee, you are in the opinion of the opinion that you are not appropriate to answer questions.
 as a matter of fact, the government has already been " wind blows ", saying that it would be possible to cut the civil service pay.
 in the evening, he will go to washington for a visit to washington.
 exports from the developing countries in the developing countries were 22 per cent in 1990 to 28 per cent in 2000.
 the web site is expected to be completed in 2004.
 at its 12 session in september 2001, the tribunal decided to submit this matter to the meeting of states parties.
 in her her husband, her husband went to her husband.
 despite the need to analyse data and quantitative data, there is a relatively small number of contents in which data are required.
 however, the report noted that although the local market had food and specially, the purchasing power of the population is extremely limited.
 the advisory committee agrees with this view, and suggested that the current 2.7 per cent contribution was retained.
 in the fight against the fight against terrorism, the international community should not be pre-office.
 the administration has been admitted to the ad hoc group that " national security " is about the interests of sovereignty.
 but at present, hong kong's economic growth has been increasing, and the government's surplus has many states.
 it should be done.
 under the under-secretary-general, the under-secretary-general has stated that it is not determined for the purpose of the commission.
 over the past 3 years, a large number of documents proved that due to insufficient supply of water supply.
 the treaty is limited to the prohibition of nuclear explosions without a prohibition on nuclear tests, and the quality of nuclear weapons, or production of new weapons.
 they told him that they were unable to host him because of their attention.
 the whole can be much greater than its part.
 (b) the c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; c <unk> amp; clp will be included in
 in the light of the green paper, the people of the green paper will really be said.
 in 1993, the appointments of china's appointments were appointed by the chinese government and a member of the institute of arbitration in 2000.
 the department also issued 25 occupation permits -- seven in kowloon and 16 in the new territories.
 priority is given to the need for a long-term strengthening of the capacity and infrastructure of national protection and infrastructure.
 the weekly average working group is about 5 hours per week.
 the phase will lead to a single reimbursement rate for all other equipment and consumption.
 we must be cautiously used as international law of international law.
 at present, the economic growth of science and technology is rapidly expanding, and the world is accelerated towards multipolarity.
 there is also a difference between the western and western circles of the museum.
 most of the spectacular spectacies were very disproportionate.
 i spoke about the response to the exploitation of the exploitation of sexual exploitation in west africa.
 however, the most fundamental thing is that the angolans themselves promise to peace and national reconciliation.
 exporters and investors in the european union have increased significantly.
 there are few signs that sexual drugs were found in fiji.
 at the same time, this seminar was notted.
 as a result of the brazilian turtle, futa's pestation and pents have been occupied by taiwan.
 women have also been subjected to discrimination against women who are different from different forms of pay.
 (a) its economy exceeds 50 per cent of the country, and the developed countries can be used in general.
 today, saint lucia has had a female head of state in history.
 in some cases, non-governmental organizations have sought to influence one government.
 this fana phenomenon is the product of a state of a state, which is a product of the other states.
 recently, there have been a number of original groups that have not been passed, and oppose the 1988 direct elections in 1988.
 however, as a result of the people's resumption of life, the possibility of a large number of refugees will be necessary for east timor.
 in the capital of baghdad, a police officer was killed at least five people dead and 19 wounded.
 for several months, the police were charged with human rights violations of human rights violations or criminal acts.
 his election highlights his various advantages, his personal qualities and his personal personal qualities and his experience in international affairs.
 as the tourism industry is a " people-oriented industry ", there is no need for the entire industry to survive.
 at the time of the clibourb, every 10 cmm will be required to take part in the turb and 133 dual-streets.
 in the light of the words " abolition ".
 at the same time, the department has trained specially trained the hawker.
 in the context of non-recurrent security guarantees, the debtor's debtor is also responsible for the maintenance and maintenance of the debtor.
 i am confident that these arrangements, particularly in mutual legal assistance, will fruit fruit results.
 however, we have not yet seen any meaningful progress in respect of urgent needs.
 in the vicinity of the explosion, there were explosions in the vicinity of the scene and had caused no casualties.
 the council has also begun to hold a new " mixed " meeting that is open to all members of the united nations.
 the democratic republic of the congo stated that all measures have been taken to ensure that it is not far beyond the future.
 as mentioned above, the document was not referred to in section 8 of the document.
 i accept the secretary-general's statement that some things could not be able to do so.
 equitable distribution of wealth is equally important.
 the two vacancies had to be filled, and the meeting was suspended on the afternoon.
 the carparpark will also be suspended.
 at present, the growth of the clients of the customers still have remained stable, and a significant increase in the performance of the  500 industrial index.
 many people first enjoy the convenient facilities for shopping, but they don't pay a large amount of card debt.
 in mid-july this year, li zijian, on behalf of my country, went to japan to attend the 8 world mustacia.
 the 3 least developed countries will be held in brussels from 14 to 20 may 2001.
 the project is part of the comprehensive development plan for the ma wan island.
 in accordance with this commitment, france will report to the secretariat as soon as possible to indicate the details of these two units.
 the chairpersons also stressed that the secretariat needs to be fully involved, including the preparation of the background documents, direct meetings.
 we are fully aware of the importance of the mandate of the commission on human settlements.
 new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york <unk> new york.
 small seven is well-being, and he was very satisfied with the satisfaction of the woman's dang d dang's satisfaction and praise.
 mr cheung was a keynote speech on the safety of the occupational safety and health management of hong kong.
 if you want to ask you, i should like to look for you.
 in hong kong, the new hong kong new airport is the most state-of-the-art radar and other technical instruments.
 despite the limited financial resources available, many small-scale money could be produced in large quantities.
 with regard to the content of the draft articles, it was suggested that the contents of the draft bill are too complex and need to be reduced.
 this is not only because we want to preserve the rule of law, as we have to preserve hong kong as an international financial centre.
 the proportion of total resources for the biennium 2002-2003 is shown in table 8.1.
 as the secretary-general has said, all states need to fulfil their generous commitments as soon as possible.
 of course, the author is not opposed to the grassroots employment of university students.
 lin was found at the time of more than 50 years when he was found at the age of more than 50 years.
 the israeli occupying forces also destroyed all houses of the village, destroying houses and burned another.
 members of the above-mentioned symptoms should consult their doctors to consult their doctors in order to early diaggate and treatment.
 child prostitution refers to the use of child prostitution, or to facilitate or facilitate the use of the use of children.
 these are all these achievements.
 meanwhile, the value of orders for the metal products industry increased further, and the year-on-year increase was 2<unk>.
 it is equally important that the african countries long facing serious external debt, which accounted for 1<unk>3 of these countries.
 after a multi-hour debate and many years, we are now like to return to the first place.
 the economic and social council has 14 panels of experts, and members of the public are participating in working groups, rather than national representatives.
 with regard to the specialists, there is a need to provide more in-depth training.
 the whole project was to be completed in 2006 autumn.
 south-south cooperation should not be seen as a complement to the north-south cooperation.
 investigations by special investigation team, traffic, new territories south, are continuing.
 the family of the family is in the collapse, and the traditional family structure is undergoing many changes.
 in order to ensure the high quality of chinese language textbooks, they have set up chinese language textbooks.
 another thing is, " banks are best to do so as long as it's as long as possible, the money will be sent.
 some people were reportedly injured.
 while the delegation of ethiopia had expressed his appreciation to unctad's role in the area, the panellists had only a number of interesting issues.
 military contingents will help to prevent those who might wish to interfere with the process of democratization.
 however, in order to ensure that these policies are effective, trade, health and management, other priorities of education, health and management.
 however, it was reported that the state authorities denied that the person had been transferred to the presence of the person.
 in order to avoid the special interests of political parties, the campaign for election activities should be controlled and transparent.
 it is expected that the provision of background and practice will be provided to the working group on the right to development in 2000.
 at that time, i would never imagine that sun yu-yun had reached numerous waves.
 the chairman of the medium-and medium-sized enterprises (smes) held a report to the chief executive in conjunction with three working groups of the committee.
 asianet daily summary-press releases distributed for tuesday, 20 november 2001.
 as a result of the history of history, the new territories in the new territories are subject to the control of collective official.
 we welcome our partnership in these areas. "
 it's not to say that the computers are not " not to " do not " don't " do. "
 prior to may 1998, the indonesian security forces in iraq seem to be a matter of necessity, regardless of whether or locally or local people.
 please watch the 5 series of new zealand's 4 series of new zealand's new zealand's 4 series, innovation.
 the new merger guidelines adopted by the commission on 18 june 1998 was included in the provisions of the provisions of resolution 1171 (1998).
 15. during the experimental pilot system, it was suggested that the establishment of an impact on the district and preservation of the preservation of the sea.
 the national television broadcasts on a number of programmes to help raise the public awareness of this issue.
 if a person is dissatisfied with the age of 65, equal employment and income exceeds a minimum wage.
 in general, such information would not be disclosed.
 he ching-ming, he has always committed commitment to the achievement of the law.
 the special rapporteur requested the competent body to review the regulations under review by the highest international standards.
 " the labour department will provide suitable vacancies for non-resident graduates under the scheme, " the spokesman said.
 with china's recent accession to the world trade organization as well as the 2008 olympic games, the cooperation of two companies is expected to be significantly increased.
 recently, a scholar from the mainland, the university of hong kong, attended the lectures of the university of hong kong.
 overall, the existing system has been set up checks and balances.
 he said that if someone was theft of theft, then his hands would also guarantee the safety of thousands of people.
 kosovo serbs participate in the elections and demonstrated the importance of the self-government of the provisional self-government.
 manini was the headquarters of the ruf.
 to preserve the " taipei's dignity ", " taipei's dignity " is now on the new painting room.
 the official said that the official not to disclose the name of an official said: " it is purely fabrication.
 born in new zealand, new zealand, new zealand, university of jackla university and the university of australia.
 in the traditional market, two chickens are smuggled with each other.
 details of the proposal, in both english and chinese, will be put up at the venue for public inspection at the venue.
 the dpp is because the dpp is called the new dpp campaign.
 as a result of the manufacturing industry, it is indeed a lot of choice.
 the claimants provided export credit guarantees to exporters and contractors.
 with the help of non-governmental organizations, the government has developed a national plan for action in various areas in various areas.
 the committee further notes the accuracy of the accuracy of the estimated requirements.
 according to the law of health care, all persons in estonia have the right to receive medical treatment (art. 5).
 the european union believes that the lusaka agreement was the most viable basis for conflict resolution.
 the national daily also quoted in the world bank offices in bangkok, " no one knows how much how much is done. "
 the zhouzhou festival is published in the red camera.
 madam president, today today, today, today, today, today, today, the secretary for today's today is " food ", and we do not have to leave him.
 as a result of the dark atmosphere, i might say some of the comparisons of a bit.
 the annex contains comments on the statute of the international court of justice in the annex to the above-mentioned statement.
 after the performance of the performance, audiences were enthusiastically enthusiastically, to join the group and staff members.
 i can also add some examples of some examples of some of those chronically chronically chronically ill-and chronicly suffering from the hospital authority.
 it is necessary to amend the ozp to reflect the latest development proposals in kowloon.
 in fact, i have come to chongqing.
 the team is supporting the fact that the 2001 national census is supported by the general census in 2001.
 she has the highest moral character and enjoy all civil servants.
 all departments involved will be involved in a variety of activities, ranging from prevention and the prosecution of trafficking in trafficking.
 with regard to the obligation of the state party, the committee notes that in some cases the reports were referred to in other countries.
 it is estimated that more than 1 15000 small arms ammunition would be reimbursed in general cases.
 secondly, reducing the level of tensions.
 we first first act on the draft resolution on the interests of the peoples of the peoples of the non-self-governing territories.
 the defendant pleaded guilty of his daughter.
 in addition, the current reserve of peacekeeping is no cash.
 my delegation is also very much appreciated by the under-secretary-general for mr. samono and the special representative of the special representative to this morning.
 the reduction in the attractiveness of developing countries to foreign investment is likely to lead to financial instability.
 an international seminar on international seminars on 24 and 25 june 1998.
 as a result of the transfer of the banking licence, the number of banks in hong kong remains unchanged and 177.
 this is mainly attributable to a number of countries that have been held in a number of countries that have been achieved in the past 5 years.
 the new phenomenon of aids has caused the suffering of children and orphans, and the increase in the conflict in the tribal conflict has become more severe.
 in january this year, in january this year, mr. sergio de mello, proposed by mr. sergio de mello, suggested that the efficiency of the civilian police would be generally enhanced.
 our assessment is that the conditions for return to sierra leone or liberia are now non-existent.
 young people account for 19 per cent of africa's population population, and this figure will increase.
 at the same time, hong kong and a number of countries, such as thailand, china, indonesia, korea, korea and india.
 a typical consumers of the united states a typical consumers have to spend more than 150,000 advertisements.
 i think it must be borne in mind that the humanitarian situation in iraq is disastrous.
 this is a matter which is worth playing.
 the office of internal affairs requested the department of disarmament to provide financial commitments to the new development of member states.
 the financial condition of our financial condition is better than the united kingdom. therefore, there is no need to do so.
 the last set of images in laden's image was last seen by the end of 2004, but his deputy zzazari, his deputy zzavari, has been analogy.
 the 4 area is a national institutions based on the rule of law.
 the bureau has been set up a working group on waste reduction in waste reduction schemes by mr tam yiu-chung.
 mr martin lee said that the government has not responded to the response, " said mr martin lee.
 on the day before the day, hu nai-ming's video-in-charge of the national music of the national music of the national music of the national music and the grass-infected village.
 the gross surplus of business services accounted for 17.2<unk> of the total receipts, a percentage point in 1995.
 in post-conflict, children are in the society of a society where children need to take care.
 the bosnian serb forces carried out military attacks on the civilian population of the civilian population.
 a spokesman for the department said that during the two-week investigation period, the successful completion of 5424 visits were completed in a total of 90<unk>.
 the chickens will be tested and blood tested, " the spokesman said.
 he said that the secretariat wished to provide guidance on whether these practices continue to be provided.
 the demilitarized zone has, about 240 kilometres, to iraq's 10 kilometres and 5 kilometres within iraq.
 more than 70 per cent of the children who engage in family services are for girls.
 as a result, a number of measures to ensure that the needs of women prisoners are met.
 consolidation of the regime established by the treaty for the prohibition of nuclear weapons in latin america and the caribbean (treaty of tlatelolco).
 taiwan's 1 round of cruise liu ming-ming is also because of the war.
 the central meteorological center is expected to affect the weather in the north china south china and the cold war.
 this section reviewed the reasons for the right to food as a result of the court.
 at the end of the 19 century, cattle had a white ball.
 the penal code has changed the penal code and criminal proceedings, with a strengthening of national legal systems.
 appropriate legal sanctions against any person engaged in arms manufacture will be able to facilitate compliance with the authorized procedure.
 the government and the business sector has embarked on a series of activities to consolidate the confidence of the international community in hong kong.
 however, the armed forces are too large and the federal budget could not be maintained.
 after the dinner, the hong kong ballet, hong kong ballets will be distinguished from the hong kong ballets.
 speaking at the opening ceremony of the event, the director of home affairs bureau said: " all along, hong kong is a society in hong kong.
 on 30 may, new fighting had occurred in the province of abdullah and the taliban in the north-west of the north-west.
 the data volume of the computer systems is also easy, and also triggered and other major issues.
 this document will be included in a voluntary basis for members of the asean regional forums on the regional security situation, as well as to them.
 on the day, the soldiers said that the same day will be made on that day.
 " the more effective implementation of the mpf system will be more likely to be implemented.
 the committee was informed that the replacement of these vehicles were used from the united nations assistance mission in rwanda.
 on the contrary, they often see the people of the people, as the enemy is, and therefore, for the people.
 the railway system is an integral part of hong kong's perfect system.
 in accordance with the provisions of the convention, the recognition of troop-contributing countries is an important partner for peacekeeping operations.
 i think this would be very sorry that i am sorry.
 through this election, china is fully ensuring that hong kong is an asset class of assets.
 it appears that, despite the author's intention to use this procedure, they did not use it.
 it is therefore not possible to follow in the new area, not to follow the new areas.
 the results of the results will be issued in july.
 johnson works, as compared with the face of the 1940s, over half a century.
 however, madam president, the bill submitted to this council is a great doubt that the bill will be implemented within the transitional period.
 following the arrival in the united states of new zealand, he was arrested on the 3.
 the financial secretary, mr antony leung, presented the economic outlook for 2003 and the future hong kong economy.
 the economy is also highly dependent on energy resources, particularly natural gas and processing.
 some experts expressed the view that the statistics had not been able to respond to the size of the problem.
 therefore, we would like to make a different different types of bricks in different types of needs.
 after the opening of the economic reforms and opening up of china's economy, the exchange rate system for foreign exchange has become a price of foreign exchange price.
 the special representative of the shanghai forum has been established in the framework of the shanghai forum.
 at the same time, the united nations must also recognize that its fundamental fundamentals have changed.
 " we will continue to advise the young people with a very negative impact on healthy health.
 part of the result is: apart from religious books, in addition to social studies, mathematics, mathematics, agricultural and reading materials.
 the total revenue of this year's stalls were $ 1042525, representing nearly 24<unk> over the last year.
 these provisions should be given to the chinese side.
 non-military items carried out at historical cost is based on the united nations operational rate of the united nations operational rate.
 we also believe that the rapid establishment of the international criminal court is to promote respect for international law and human rights.
 in addition, we have more two consecutive years, " the spokesman said.
 after the incident, i am aware of the doctor of a doctor who i know about this act.
 " the need to amend the new land uses to reflect the latest land uses of the north-east lantau port, " the spokesman said.
 this has forced bilateral negotiations at that stage.
 to that end, member states must pay their assessed contributions on time, both in full and unconditional contributions.
 information kept in the central register of establishments is updated on a quarterly basis. updated information in respect of the 2 quarter of 1999 is now available.
 for more than half a century, humankind has lived in fear of continuous nuclear danger.
 he said that in order to address these problems, a cabinet commission was established by the prime minister of the prime minister.
 in all cases, it would be necessary for the time to wait for the period 2003-2004.
 there are no other groups of other groups.
 the gravity of the conduct is similar to a violation of article 3 3 of the geneva conventions.
 2. the important accounting policy applies to these financial statements as an important note of the financial statements.
 among them, there will be a heavy rain in some parts of the southern yuneast of yunxi.
 on behalf of the people of comoros and the people of the israeli government, the people of the israeli government were deeply concerned.
 undp has not yet been able to set up a plan for donor confidence to develop undp's structure.
 the bureau of the 2000 bureau comprised the vice-president of the president of mali, mali, and ukraine as vice-chairmen.
 ohchr will contribute to the development of the right to development in relation to poverty, plans, policies and operational activities.
 the vocational training council has an average of about 70 test examinations, which may be eligible for some 3000 candidates.
 after the culprits escaped, the victim entered an incident with the victim's sleep.
 authorities have announced today the country today.
 for example, in the 3 phase of the pesticides, the pesticides have been purchased, but it was late until the year was very late.
 " it is important that the peace process should continue, and it should be possible to work and employment.
 the volume of printing has decreased by 30 per cent.
